Ten Commandments of Electrical Safety (culled originally from the Journal of the Rutherford Laboratory, I believe)

1.    Beware of the lightning that lurks in an undischarged capacitor, lest it cause thee to be bounced upon thy backside in a most ungentlemanly manner.

2.    Cause thou the switch that supplies large quantities of juice to be opened and thusly tagged, that thy days may be long on this earthly vale of tears.

3.    Prove to thyself that all circuits that radiateth and upon which thou workest are grounded lest they lift you to high-frequency potential and cause thee to radiate also.

4.    Take care that thou useth the proper method when thou taketh the measure of high-voltage circuits so that thou doth not incinerate both thee and thy meter, for verily though thou hast no part number and can be easily replaced, the meter doth have one and as a consequence bringeth much woe on the supply department.

5.    Tarry thee not among those who engage in intentional shocks for they are surely non-believers and are not long for this world.

6.    Take care that thou tampereth not with interlocks and safety devices, for this incurreth the wrath of thy seniors and bringeth the fury of the safety officer down upon thy head and shoulders.

7.    Work thee not upon energised equipment, for if thou doeth, thy mates will surely be buying beers without thee and thy space at the bar will be filled by another.

8.    Verily, verily I say unto thee, never service high-voltage equipment alone, for electric cooking is a slothful process and thou might sizzle in thine own fat for hours before thy Maker sees fit to end thy misery and drag thee into his fold.

9.    Trifle thee not with radioactive tubes and substances lest thou commence to glow in the dark like unto a lightning bug.

10.    Commit thee to memory the works of the prophets, which are written in the instruction books, which giveth the straight info and which consoleth thee, and thou cannot make mistakes.


Happy Christmas to all the group.

72 de Mike GW4IQP

